Update Binary-Log.md (#5371)
microsoft/msbuild: documentation/wiki/Binary-Log.md

## Incrementing the file format

> Every .binlog file has the first three bytes that indicate the file version. The current file format version is 7 (`00 00 07`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every .binlog file has the first three bytes that indicate the file version. The current file format version is 9 (`00 00 09`).
```

https://github.com/microsoft/msbuild/blob/b0d72851842af6f6b50ad62e6e2077790ee5de29/src/Build/Logging/BinaryLogger/BinaryLogger.cs#L36-L42

Right?

Reviewer 2: Right.
